	This activity was overall simple, I just had some issues with general formatting, which I eventually got past. Through this practice, I learned how to define string variables as well as how to group them together. I also learned about different data types, and how they cannot be grouped together. For instance, in question \#7, the prompt asked what would happen if I added 10 to the variable, “name”. When I attempted to follow the prompt, no matter what I did, there was an error whenever I ran the code. This ultimately led me to realize that I wasn’t making a mistake, but it was simply that in python code, a string value (name) cannot be grouped together with an integer value (10) because they are different data types. Furthermore, I learned how to ask a user for their input using an user input function. It was interesting to run this command because of its interactive nature, and it made me think about what more you can achieve using user input functions in a broader sense/ a higher scale. Finally for the f-string extra credit challenge, I learned more about the importance of formatting, and how to insert variables in an f-string. The article showed me a method in which text and numbers were able to be combined without causing an error code. Ultimately, this article was helpful in explaining how different types of data can be combined within one string, and I could see how this function can be extremely helpful in data analysis, where there can be an endless amount of variety within data types.